Enh: align tests section better with our lessons (#604)
pyOpenSci/python-package-guide: tests/index.md

:link-type: doc
:class-card: left-aligned

> Understand the three test types: unit, integration, and

Author: ```suggestion
Get to know the three test types: unit, integration, and
```
